Add more questions (#4492)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/data/question-groups/react/content/component-lifecycle.md

> In React functional components, lifecycle-like behaviors are achieved using hooks:
> 
> 1. **Mounting and Cleanup:**
>    Utilizing the useEffect hook with an empty dependency array ([]) ensures the hook runs after the component mounts to the DOM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In React functional components, lifecycle-like behaviors are achieved using hooks:

## Mounting and Unmounting

Utilizing the useEffect hook with an empty dependency array ([]) ensures the hook runs after the component mounts to the DOM.
```

   ```js
   useEffect(() => {
     // do something after component mounts
     return () => {
       // do something before component unmounts
     };
   }, []);
   ```

   The cleanup function returned within the useEffect callback offers a mechanism for handling tasks when the component is about to **unmount**.

> 2. **Updating:**
>    The useEffect hook, when invoked without a dependency array or with specific dependencies, executes after every render or when specified prop/state changes are detected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Updates

The useEffect hook, when invoked without a dependency array or with specific dependencies, executes after every render or when specified prop/state changes are detected.
```
